Update README (#186)
pep-dortmund/member-database: README.md

# member-database [![CI](https://github.com/pep-dortmund/member-database/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pep-dortmund/member-database/actions/workflows/ci.yml) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/pep-dortmund/member-database/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=YHXAdlITAd)](https://codecov.io/gh/pep-dortmund/member-database)

Our member database application.

> This is a custom databse application and webinterface for membership and event registrations for PeP et al. e.V.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a custom database application and web interface for membership and event registrations for PeP et al. e.V.
```

Author: fixed
